Engdocs 1463 (#370)
compose-spec/compose-spec: 01-status.md

properties in a Compose file, established by the [docker-compose](https://github.com/docker/compose) tool where the Compose
file format was designed, doesn't offer any guarantee to the end-user that attributes will be actually implemented.

The specification defines the expected configuration syntax and behavior. Unless noted, supporting any of these is optional.

A Compose implementation to parse a Compose file using unsupported attributes should warn users. We recommend the following implementors
to support those running modes:

* Default: warn the user about unsupported attributes, but ignore them
* Strict: warn the user about unsupported attributes and reject the Compose file
* Loose: ignore unsupported attributes AND unknown attributes (that were not defined by the spec by the time implementation was created)

> From this point onwards, reference made to 'Compose' can be interpretted as 'Compose implementation'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this point onwards, references made to 'Compose' can be interpreted as 'a Compose implementation'. 
```
typos + suggestions
